{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 dhcp-10-250-132-145:DESKTOP Classwork$ java -cp . com.cscie97.ledger.test.TestDriver ledger2.script\
\
CommandProcessorException!  Action:  Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
create-account bob\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: create-account Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
process-transaction 1 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bob\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
Get-account-balance bob\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: get-account-balance Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
Get-block 0\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: get-block Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
Get-account-balances \
CommandProcessorException!  Action: get-account-balances Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
Get-transaction 1\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: get-transaction Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
Validate\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: validate Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
Create-ledger "bitcoin" description "asdfadsfsf seed 12-13!@#cas34\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: create-ledger "bitcoin" description "asdfadsfsf Reason: Create a ledger first!\
\
Create-ledger bitcoin description "the best" seed "1234"\
Ledger created successfully!  Name: bitcoin, Description: "the best", Seed: "1234"\
\
Create-ledger bitcoin description "the best" seed "1234"\
Ledger created successfully!  Name: bitcoin, Description: "the best", Seed: "1234"\
\
Create-account bob\
Account created successfully!  Address: bob\
\
Create-account mary\
Account created successfully!  Address: mary\
\
Validate\
Validate successful!\
Get-transaction 0\
Get-block 0\
Block #0\
Block Previous Hash: null\
Block Hash: null\
Previous Block #None\
Transaction List\
\
Accounts and Balances\
\
Account: bob, Balance: 0\
Account: mary, Balance: 0\
Account: master, Balance: 1000000\
\
\
Get-account-balances\
LedgerException!  Action: get-account-balances Reason: This is the genesis block!\
\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: get-account-balance Reason: No accounts!\
\
process-transaction 124 amount 1000 fee 99999999999 payload "fund account" payer mary receiver bob\
CommandProcessorException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Can't go below 0 for amount, 10 for fee.  Can't go higher than 2147483647.\
\
process-transaction 1324 amount 999999999 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer mary receiver bob\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer doesn't have enough funds!\
\
process-transaction 134 amount 1000 fee 3410 payload "fund account" payer mary receiver bob\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer doesn't have enough funds!\
\
process-transaction 14 amount -1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer mary receiver bob\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Amount can't be negative or too high!\
\
process-transaction -2 amount 1000 fee -6 payload "fund account" payer mary receiver bob\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Fee can't be less than 10 or too high!\
\
process-transaction 1 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver mary\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 1, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
\
process-transaction 2 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bob\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 2, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
\
process-transaction 3 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bill\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 4 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver susan\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 5 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver mary\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 5, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
\
process-transaction 6 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bob\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 6, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
\
process-transaction 7 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bill\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 8 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver susan\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 9 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver mary\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 9, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
\
process-transaction 10 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bob\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 10, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
\
Validate\
Validate successful!\
process-transaction 11 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver mary\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 11, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
\
process-transaction 21 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bob\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 21, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
\
process-transaction 31 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bill\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 41 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver susan\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 51 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver mary\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 51, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
\
process-transaction 61 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bob\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 61, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
\
process-transaction 71 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bill\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 81 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver susan\
LedgerException!  Action: process-transaction Reason: Payer or receiver not found!\
\
process-transaction 91 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver mary\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 91, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
\
process-transaction 101 amount 1000 fee 10 payload "fund account" payer master receiver bob\
Transaction processed successfully!  ID: 101, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
\
Get-block 0\
Block #0\
Block Previous Hash: null\
Block Hash: 2a9a47df33656b2628b5177168b3afff828cd0b97323c4bd7cd1c1f3ee61d26e\
Previous Block #None\
Transaction List\
\
Transaction #: 1, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
Transaction #: 2, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
Transaction #: 5, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
Transaction #: 6, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
Transaction #: 9, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
Transaction #: 10, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
Transaction #: 11, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
Transaction #: 21, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
Transaction #: 51, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
Transaction #: 61, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
Accounts and Balances\
\
Account: bob, Balance: 5000\
Account: mary, Balance: 5000\
Account: master, Balance: 990000\
\
\
Get-block 1\
Block #1\
Block Previous Hash: 2a9a47df33656b2628b5177168b3afff828cd0b97323c4bd7cd1c1f3ee61d26e\
Block Hash: null\
Previous Block #0\
Transaction List\
\
Transaction #: 91, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: mary\
Transaction #: 101, Amount: 1000, Fee: 10, Payload: "fund account", Payer: master, Receiver: bob\
Accounts and Balances\
\
Account: bob, Balance: 6000\
Account: mary, Balance: 6000\
Account: master, Balance: 988000\
\
\
Get-block 2\
Validate\
Validate successful!\
}